right in this final video on shale so
I'm going to go through a list of seven
numbers just to see there are some
different variations and to see what
really can happen three one two seven
five six four so you've got seven
numbers and you want to find the integer
part of seven over two so seven over two
is three point five so the integer part
is just the three so we're going to
split it into three sub lists okay so
we've got three one two then seven five
six and then fall okay so you can see
that in this case before up here is left
alone but not left alone in the sense
that we ignore it because this is a sub
list this is a sub list and that's a sub
list so this is an unusual case for this
example to do a question like this I'm
just showing exactly how it would work
so the three seven for that would be
shuttle sorted okay so we would get
three four and seven we would have one
five one five the two and six again so
notice what need to be made on either
those two comparisons from having three
sub lists you then do the integer part
of 3 over 2 or third - is 1.5 so the
integer part is just one so you would
then finally shuttle saw the seven
numbers and you get one two three four
five six so okay and that's where we
would get to I mean any large list of
numbers when I recommend you start with
you keep having the integer part of the
previous number okay and when you get
down to one you have this one sub list
that you then finally
shot assault okay so that is how shale
salt works